[Music]
Hearing
the sound of the bell, the
afflictions lighten,
wisdom grows,
Bodhi is born, hell is
escaped, ignorance is attained, Buddhahood is achieved, rebirth in the middle realm. Namo
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the Underworld, Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld, Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the Realm of Suffering.
[Music] With sincere devotion, I send forth the fragrant
clouds, offering incense
throughout the ten directions, to the
Three Jewels. I vow to
uphold the Dharma throughout my life, following compassion and doing
good for all sentient beings in the Dharma realm,
praying for the Buddha's protection. My Bodhi mind is firm, my aspiration to cultivate the
Dharma is steadfast,
far from the ocean of suffering and delusion, quickly returning to the shore of
enlightenment.
Namo Incense Offering to
Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering
to Bodhisattva,
Namo Incense Offering to Bodhisattva. Namo the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-Abiding Three Jewels, Great Witness. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha,
We respectfully
beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to
witness and protect us. We respectfully
invite all celestial beings,
spirits, and divine beings to descend to the
altar and support us,
your disciples, from the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Dharma Center, in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club.
We, the Buddhist followers of the Six Harmonious Practices currently practicing at Ba
Vang Pagoda, on this 20th day of the 3rd month of the year of Tan
Suu (2011), following the Six Harmonious Practices at
Ba Vang Pagoda, and with the permission of the monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda and the assigned members
of our Buddhist group, have come to the home
of the deceased Buddhist follower,
Pham Van Thuong, whose
Dharma name was Minh Tri, to assist in the recitation of the Bodhisattva Bodhisattva's Bodhisattva vows and
practices at the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Ba Vang Pagoda. He
passed away at 6 PM on the 20th day of the
3rd month of the year of Tan Suu, at the age of 85.
We humbly request the power of the Three Jewels and the vows of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda to save the departed soul.
We wholeheartedly
invite all Buddhist followers, if not yet
reborn in the heavenly or human realms, to
gather at this Dharma assembly to
practice with us, listen to the scriptures and Dharma teachings, and
seek enlightenment.  We respectfully invite the spirits
of our ancestors, the Phạm and Nguyễn families, who have a karmic connection with our family, to gather here to practice.
We also respectfully invite the
spirits of our ancestors, the Phạm and Nguyễn
families, who
have a karmic connection with our family, to come to
this ceremony and practice.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, the great compassionate and merciful one, who loves all sentient beings, the great joyful one, who
saves all beings, whose beautiful and radiant form shines brightly. With sincere hearts, we offer this great reverence. With sincere hearts, we pay homage to
all Buddhas of the three periods of time, throughout the
boundless space and the entire Dharma realm. With sincere hearts, we
pay homage to all the Dharma of the three periods of time, the
Dharma of the Dharma realm, and
all the Sangha of the
three periods of time, the virtuous and holy ones, who are as good as nothingness and explore the
Dharma realm. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. At this time, relying on the power of the Three Jewels and the meritorious Bodhi of the Six Harmonious Dharmas, we recite the teachings for the consciousness of Buddhist follower Phạm Văn Thường, Dharma name Minh Trí, to
come to this ceremony and practice with us. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni,
today.  O Buddhist consciousness,
when you were still in human form, named Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
O Buddhist consciousness, when you were still in
human form, named Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri,
O Buddhist consciousness, when you were still in
human form,
named Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri,
now your consciousness has entered a new life,
not the life of a human being
anymore.
In the past, you were a
Buddhist, Pham Van Thuong, belonging to the
Minh Pho Thanh Son Buddhist community, practicing in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies. You
made the Bodhi vow, practiced the
Six Harmonies, and performed Bodhi deeds
—the deeds of spreading the Buddha's teachings
throughout the world. You
also cultivated many merits, chanting scriptures,
listening to Dharma, practicing meditation, making offerings, giving alms,
releasing animals, helping
many people to attain enlightenment in the Buddha's teachings,
practicing the Buddha's teachings together in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club at the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Buddhist community. All those merits will
now be enjoyed in your
new body, your Buddhist consciousness. With
those merits, you will be reborn in auspicious realms
such as the human realm and the heavenly realm.
But sometimes...  While still having some attachment to
relatives and loved ones, we may delay
the moment of rebirth into the human or heavenly realms,
remaining in a physical body as a consciousness. At this time, we respectfully request that this
consciousness, along with other Buddhists,
continue practicing to eradicate all thoughts of greed and attachment.
If any
lingering attachments remain in the consciousness, may it be reborn
into a higher, better realm than the human or heavenly realms
to continue its practice. At
this time, we wholeheartedly request that the consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, along with our fellow Buddhist practitioners,
practice together. Namo Ever-Awakened
Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo Ever-
Joyful Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. We respectfully
ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and
holy Sangha to bear witness to us, Buddhist follower
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri. While in a human body, we have accumulated much
merit through practice, as the Buddha taught. If we observe the Eight Precepts for
one day and one night,
after death we will be reborn in the
heavenly realms and enjoy lasting happiness. However,
because we are not clear about which realm
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, will be reborn in after leaving this physical body.
Therefore, we rely on the Dharma of protection and
assistance that the Buddha has taught to
continue protecting the spiritual connection in this ceremony
for the consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, so that his merits and karmic connections may increase,
whether he is still in a physical body or
reborn in any realm.
If he is still in a physical body, may he be
gathered at this Dharma assembly with
us to continue cultivating merits
to seek Supreme Enlightenment. Namo Ever-
Protecting Bodhisattva. Bodhisattva, please be seated.
Let us open the
Dharma and recite the scriptures.
[Music] The
profound white color of the Buddha's teachings. What is more
difficult to encounter than hundreds of thousands of eons?
Now I hear this, cherishing and
understanding the true meaning of the work. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. The sutra of Buddha recitation.
Once, the World Honored One resided
in a city. The people were
joyful to see him. I taught the monks this Dharma. One
day, the monks will practice and make it
complete, leading to the One Fragrance of Detachment from worldly desires, the
mind will be calm, and they will attain enlightenment and
Nirvana.  What is this one Dharma? It is the recitation of the
Buddha's name. This one Dharma,
practiced and perfected by monks, leads
to the ultimate liberation from attachment and attachment, enlightenment, and the realization of
illness. There is one Dharma that
monks practice and perfect,
leading to the ultimate liberation from attachment and attachment: the recitation of the Dharma, the recitation of the Sangha, the recitation of precepts, the recitation of the Buddha's name, the recitation of the Heavenly name, the recitation of the
Buddha's name, the recitation of the Body, the recitation of peace and tranquility. This one Dharma, practiced and perfected by monks, leads to the realization of liberation from attachment and attachment, the realization of peace and tranquility, enlightenment, and Nirvana. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. I
respectfully read this teaching, reminding the
consciousness of the Buddhist follower to remember and dwell in pure mindfulness and
lofty merits, which,
while still a Buddhist follower, aspired to Bodhi, practiced the Six Harmonies, and
performed Bodhisattva practices
at the Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Ba
Vang Pagoda, so that the consciousness of the Buddhist follower may
increase its merits and receive benefit and peace. O
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, upon hearing this
sutra, remember when you were still in
human form, you were together with...
We Buddhist practitioners in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, with unwavering faith and devotion, offer our respects to the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha—the Triple Gem.
We have always encouraged each other to diligently repent, recite scriptures,
listen to Dharma teachings, and
practice meditation. Together, we respectfully practice the precepts, cultivate Bodhicitta,
practice the Six Harmonies, and perform Bodhisattva deeds.
Blessings arise from these truthful practices, bringing joy and
lasting happiness to the consciousness of the Buddhist practitioner. Now, with a
mindful contemplation, I will reiterate the meaning
of the Triple Gem. O, the
consciousness of Buddhist practitioner Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, the Triple Gem is the
field of blessings for all sentient beings. The
Buddha, a real
historical figure, is the most enlightened being
in terms of merit and supreme wisdom
between heaven and earth.
His appearance was for the benefit of the
multitude, for gods and humanity. With great compassion,
he taught sentient beings to awaken
to the truth of life as suffering, guiding them
on the path to liberation from suffering and the
practice of the Eightfold Noble Path to overcome
suffering. The Dharma is his teachings;
those who practice them will be freed from
suffering, like a remedy for all.  The
Dharma brings absolute peace, happiness, and Nirvana
for all beings. The
Sangha is the guiding teacher, replacing the
Buddha in preserving and propagating the true Dharma. They renounce
worldly desires and attachments, following the
Buddha. They take the vow of enlightenment and
salvation as their fundamental aspiration, following the
Buddha to cultivate merit
and provide a fertile field of merit for all
beings in this world. No other religion, no
other religious leader, no other doctrine, no other
order can
provide a place of faith or
refuge
for beings to cultivate,
except for the Three Jewels. The Three Jewels
are the supreme and
most secure refuge, for only the Three
Jewels have the ability to help beings
escape suffering, not only in the
present but also in many
future lives. And especially,
remember that within each of us lies the
Three Jewels—the pure,
clear, and equal mind. O, the enlightened mind of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma
name Minh Tri, now that your mind is illuminated by the Perfect
Contemplation, I reiterate the meaning.  O Bodhi Mind, O
consciousness of Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
Bodhi Mind is a noble mind, compassionate,
protective, and sheltering for all sentient beings,
supporting all beings with love without seeking
personal gain. Only one heart seeks
wisdom, liberation, and enlightenment, bringing equanimity to the mind,
teaching sentient beings, and upon achieving enlightenment,
bringing them immeasurable peace and
happiness. In the Avatamsaka Sutra, the Buddha
taught that Bodhi Mind is the great path, for it can
lead people to the realm of ultimate reality.
Bodhi Mind is the bright eye, for it can
see all paths, avoiding evil.
Bodhi Mind is the bright moon, for it illuminates all pure
dharmas, for it
is pure water, for it washes away
all defilements and afflictions. Bodhi Mind is the
fertile field, for it nourishes sentient beings, keeping them pure.
Bodhi Mind is the seed of all Buddhas,
for it can give rise to all dharmas and all
Buddhas. O consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham
Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
before, when still in human form, you took refuge, made the
Bodhi Mind, and
practiced the Bodhi Vow. Now, at this moment, the
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name...
Minh Tri, please calmly recall the
good deeds and virtuous actions you have
performed in the past. In this way, the consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, will find happiness.
Now, we respectfully invite the consciousness of fellow Buddhist follower
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, to
continue with us, contemplating and
following our recitation, abiding
in the refuge in the Six Harmonies and the
Bodhi Vow, to seek the supreme Bodhi.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We, your disciples, sincerely vow: We vow to take refuge in the Buddha for all
eternity, we vow to take refuge in the Dharma for all
eternity,
we vow to take refuge in the Sangha for all eternity.
[Music] We vow: For all eternity,
[Music] We rely on the
precepts of the Buddha, we
develop Bodhi-mind, we develop Bodhi-mind, we practice the Six Harmonies, we practice Bodhi-virtue, we develop
Bodhi-mind, we
protect the Three Jewels, we spread the
Buddha-dharma
throughout the world, we dedicate it to
seeking the supreme Perfect Enlightenment. [
Music]
Now, we respectfully invite the consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham
Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, to join
us.  Reciting the Buddha's Name
[Music] A
prayer to the Buddha Shakyamuni, the benevolent Father, May
all beings near and far, I only recite your
name, the original
teacher of all sentient beings, Shakyamuni Buddha, the Buddha of the Shakyamuni lineage, May all beings,
inside and out, body,
mind, and consciousness, develop a sincere heart of gratitude, remembering that the Buddha is like mother and father, helping consciousness to
escape the cycle of rebirth.
Namo Svaha, the Buddha of old, the Buddha of the past, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha [Music] Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, ...  Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha ...
Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha. The
Buddha's teachings are supreme, filial piety, understanding, the Dharma, impermanence, and the
Dharma of impermanence. The
Buddha's teachings are such
treasures, holding onto this truth.
Namo, remembering the gratitude for the work done, only
keeping the money, the worldly body, a little bit, all in the
school of the ancient immortal,
loving the child, not knowing anything, the happiness of the
worldly body, long-lasting, indifferent. The
ancient Buddha, the Venerable One,
remembered the chrysanthemum fragrance, avoiding madness, only
happiness. The worldly troubles, long-lasting, impermanent, the
scholar, the school, the Buddha,
thanking, remembering the words of gratitude, avoiding change, only
success, the worldly body, long-lasting, impermanent,
scholar, the heavenly master, the Buddha, the Venerable One,
remembered, not avoiding anything, the
happiness of the worldly body, the
impermanent, the scholar, the heavenly master, the
Buddha, the Venerable One,
also did not know, only happiness. The karmic connection,
long-lasting, impermanent, scholar, the scholar, the heavenly master, the Venerable One, Namo Tathagata, the
Chrysanthemum,
not knowing, only happiness. The
heavenly master, the Venerable One, Namo Tathagata,
also did not know anything, happiness.
Worldly happiness is long and impermanent. The virtuous conduct of the Buddha, the long-lasting rain, the progress of the
Buddha's teachings, I remember
now. The glorious melody, only happiness remains. The worldly happiness is
long and indifferent, the foolishness lies
within
the human teacher, the Buddha, the World Honored One, the Tathagata, the righteous one,
what success remains. The worldly happiness is long and impermanent, born
into the world of the Undead, the Heavenly Teacher, the World Honored One. Namo Tathagata, knowing only happiness,
leaning towards the worldly happiness, long and impermanent, the virtuous conduct of the Buddha, the Undead, the
virtuous husband, the Heavenly
Teacher, the World Honored One. Namo Tathagata, also
not knowing anything, only happiness, worldly happiness is
long and impermanent, all doubt and love. The
ancient husband and wife, the Buddha, the World Honored One, still here. Namo Tathagata,
also not knowing, only
happiness, long and impermanent, the undead, will be rewarded. The worldly affairs,
things exist, remember, persevere, happiness, leaning towards the worldly happiness, long and impermanent, the virtuous conduct of the Buddha, the World Honored One. Namo Tathagata, the righteous one, what happiness remains. The worldly happiness is long and impermanent, will be rewarded. The worldly affairs, things exist, remember,
persevere, happiness is
long and impermanent, the virtuous conduct of the Buddha, the World Honored One.  Love, Passion,
School, Thien Nhan Street, Teacher Training School, That's all
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
your disciple, my name is Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name Minh
Tue, I, on behalf of my family, have
clearly understood the Buddha's teachings, so
my family has invited the Dharma assembly to assist in the recitation of the Buddha's name for my
father, Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, who passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 85.
Today, in this ceremony, my family
vows to offer donations to the Three Jewels at
Ba Vang Pagoda, Quang Trung Ward,
Uong Bi City, Quang Ninh Province, with the intention of protecting the
Three Jewels,
hoping that the Three Jewels will remain in the world, cultivating merit for humanity and the heavens. We offer one coin as a donation to the Three Jewels, wishing for blessings to come to the consciousness of my father, Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, so
that his consciousness may grow in merit and be reborn
in a peaceful realm. I also offer
two coins as a donation to the Three Jewels,
dedicating the merit to the celestial beings, the
guardian spirits, and all the
departed souls invited to
this ceremony. Namo, witnessing Bodhisattva  Maha
Sattva, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully offer this to all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, virtuous and holy Sangha,
Dharma Protectors,
celestial beings, deities, and
guardian spirits. May all departed souls rejoice
today. The devout family, with sincere hearts, prepares offerings to present to the Buddhas of the ten
directions. We offer this to the Bodhisattvas, virtuous and holy Sangha, and the deities. We offer this
to the celestial beings, deities,
and guardian spirits. We then
offer this to the consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham
Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, who departed this physical body and was reborn at
6 PM on March 20th, 20th year of the Ox (1961),
aged 85. We also offer this to
all departed souls that we have
invited. May the consciousness of Buddhist follower
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, and all departed
souls be blessed by this offering
in this ceremony of the devout family.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
Buddha mantra, Namo Sattva, has dissolved
into the Three Realms of Hong  The fragrant tanada
[music]
[Applause]
The street is also bathed in sunlight, the
Three Jewels of Buddha. Because we deeply listen to the
translation of the Arhats, we
pray that the consciousness and the departed souls may be
fully fed, hear the sutras, attain
enlightenment, firmly cling to the Dharma, and seek liberation from
suffering. Namo Supreme
Enlightenment
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We, your disciples, have been
chosen as representatives to dedicate the merits of the Six Harmonies
practice of the
Buddhists of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the merits of
this memorial service, and the
merits of the family of the devotees to the consciousness of
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, who passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011, at the age of 85. We pray
that the consciousness of the Buddhist follower may dwell
in mindfulness, relying on the Three Jewels, the Bodhisattva's practice, be blessed and guided by the
Buddhas and the
Three Jewels, so that he may be peaceful and free, continue to meet enlightened masters and virtuous friends to guide him in
practicing the Six Harmonies, and be connected with
Dharma women.  We, for eternity,
support each other in our practice until the day we
attain Buddhahood. We also dedicate
the merits to the ancestral spirits of
both sides of the family, the deceased who
have been invited
to this Dharma assembly today. We pray
that these spirits may also
increase their blessings, faith in the Three Jewels, and connection
with the Dharma women, practicing together to seek the
supreme path. We also
dedicate the blessings
to the family of the devotee, praying for their peace, increased
faith in the Three Jewels, and the full karmic conditions for developing Bodhicitta, diligently
practicing to seek
Supreme Bodhi, and attaining
liberation. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We offer this merit, and we
dedicate it to all beings in the
Dharma realm, praying that all beings may see and enter the state of non-
birth. We pray that the three obstacles be eliminated, all
afflictions be cleansed, and all wisdom shine
brightly. We pray that all karmic obstacles are removed, and that all beings may live
forever in the Bodhisattva path. We
pray that the merits of this practice may extend to the
ten directions, and that all
beings may attain the supreme position.
Taking refuge in the Buddha, I vow that all sentient
beings will understand the great path and
develop the supreme aspiration. Taking refuge in the
Dharma, I vow that all sentient beings will deeply
penetrate the scriptures and possess wisdom as vast as the ocean of compassion. Taking refuge in the
Sangha, I vow that all sentient beings will
manage the great multitude and overcome all obstacles.
[Music]